2018 Election Results by Precinct

Vote Column Label Format
------------------------
Columns reporting votes follow a standard label pattern. One example is:
G16PREDCli
The first character is G for a general election, P for a primary, S for a special.
Characters 2 and 3 are the year of the election.
Characters 4-6 represent the office type (see list below).
Character 7 represents the party of the candidate.
Characters 8-10 are the first three letters of the candidate's last name.

Office Codes
ATG - Attorney General
GOV - Governor
HOD - House of Delegates, accompanied by a HOD_DIST column indicating district number
HOR - U.S. House, accompanied by a HOR_DIST column indicating district number
MNI - State Mine Inspector
SOS - Secretary of State
SPI - Superintendent of Public Instruction
TRE - Treasurer
USS - U.S. Senate

Party Codes
D and R will always represent Democrat and Republican, respectively.
See the state-specific notes for the remaining codes used in a particular file; note that third-party candidates may appear on the ballot under different party labels in different states.


Arizona
-------
Election results from Arizona Secretary of State (https://azsos.gov/elections/voter-registration-historical-election-data/historical-election-results-information)
Precinct shapefile from Arizona Secretary of State via personal communication.

Apache: Merge Puerco East/West
La Paz: Merge Alamo into Wenden

Maricopa: South Mtn Park E, NE, S, SE, SW merged into South Mtn Park

G18USSRMCS - Martha McSally (Republican Party)
G18USSDSIN - Kyrsten Sinema (Democratic Party)
G18USSGGRE - Angela Green (Green Party)
G18USSOWRI - Write-in Votes

G18GOVRDUC - Doug Ducey (Republican Party)
G18GOVDGAR - David Garcia (Democratic Party)
G18GOVGTOR - Angel Torres (Green Party)
G18GOVOWRI - Write-in Votes

G18SOSRGAY - Steve Gaynor (Republican Party)
G18SOSDHOB - Katie Hobbs (Democratic Party)
G18SOSOWRI - Write-in Votes

G18ATGRBRN - Mark Brnovich (Republican Party)
G18ATGDCON - January Contreras (Democratic Party)
G18ATGOWRI - Write-in Votes

G18TRERYEE - Kimberly Yee (Republican Party)
G18TREDMAN - Mark Manoil (Democratic Party)
G18TREOWRI - Write-in Votes

G18SPIRRIG - Frank Riggs (Republican Party)
G18SPIDHOF - Kathy Hoffman (Democratic Party)
G18SPIOWRI - Write-in Votes

G18MNIRHAR - Joe Hart (Republican Party)
G18MNIDPIE - Bill Pierce (Democratic Party)
G18MNIOWRI - Write-in Votes


Virginia
--------
Election results from Virginia Department of Elections(https://historical.elections.virginia.gov/)

Absentee ballots and provisional votes were reported at the county or city level throughout the state. These were distributed by candidate to precincts based on their share of the precinct-level reported vote.

Precinct shapefile primarily from the U.S. Census Bureau's 2020 Redistricting Data Program Phase 2 release. Virginia election reports often include precinct splits that are obsolete or unused in practice. These have been omitted. In cases where voters were incorrectly assigned to the wrong district the de facto precinct split has been included for that election.

The following modifications were made to recreate the 2018 precinct boundaries.

Albemarle: Add Mechums River to match county GIS shapefile
Arlington: Adjust Gunston/Oakridge to match county GIS shapefile
Bristol City: Adjust Ward 2/Ward 4 to match description in municipal code
Charles City County: Adjust District 1/District 2 boundary to match county code
Covington City: Realign Ward 1, Ward 2, Ward 3 to match city PDF map and municipal code
Culpeper: Adjust East Fairfax/Brandy Station boundary to match county GIS shapefile
Emporia City: Adjust Precincts 1/7, Precincts 2/5 to match municipal code
Essex: Adjust South Precinct/Central Precinct boundary to match county PDF
Fairfax: Adjust Virginia Run/Bull Run to match county GIS shapefile
Fredericksburg City: Adjust District 1/3 boundaries to match municipal code
Galax City: Adjust North/South precinct boundary to match municipal GIS shapefile
Goochland: Adjust Hadensville/Fife boundary to match description in county code
Halifax: Merge South Boston East/West; Adjust Meadville/Republican Grove to match 2011 redistricting PDF map
Hampton City: Add US House District 2 segment of Tyler Precinct to match county PDF
Hanover: Adjust Blunts/Beaverdam boundary to match county PDF
Henry: Adjust 10 precinct boundaries to align VTDs with county GIS shapefile
Loudoun: Adjust Weller/Ashbrook, Evergreen/Sycolin Creek; Add Goshen Post, Buffalo Trail to match county GIS shapefile
Madison: Adjust all precincts to align VTDs with county GIS shapefile
Newport News City: Adjust Sanford/Riverview boundary to match county GIS shapefile
Norfolk City: Merge Bramblewood into Chesterfield/Ruffner Academy; Adjust Granby/Titustown to match county PDF
Prince William: Adjust Ben Lomond/Mullen, Freedom/Leesylvania to match county GIS shapefile
Pulaski: Adjust Dublin/New River to match precinct assignments on county GIS parcel viewer
Rappahanock: Adjust Sperryville/Washington boundary to match county PDF
Richmond City: Add Precinct 115 to match county GIS shapefile
Richmond County: Adjust Precincts 2-1/3-1 boundary to match description in county ordinance
Roanoke County: Adjust 12 precinct boundaries to match county GIS shapefile
Rockingham: Split East/West Bridgewater to match municipal ordinance; Adjust East Bridgewater to match municipal boundary
Russell: Adjust Daugherty/West Lebanon boundary to match county PDF
Tazewell: Merge Abbs Valley/Bossevain, Adria/Gap Store, Pounding Mill/Wardell, Raven/Richlands;  Adjust nearly all precinct boundaries to align VTDs with county GIS shapefile
Virginia Beach City: Adjust Centerville/Colonial to match county GIS shapefile
Williamsburg City: Revise Matoaka/Stryker to match municipal PDF map and municipal code
Wise: Adjust Big Stone Gap/East Stone Gap boundary to match county GIS shapefile
Wythe: Adjust West Wytheville/East Wytheville boundary to match county GIS shapefile

Results are divided across three files. Because precincts can be split across legislative districts, the legislative races are reported with their own geography that divides these split precincts, resulting in shapes that are assigned to exactly one district.

*va_2018 file*
G18USSDKAI - Tim Kaine (Democratic Party)
G18USSRSTE - Corey Stewart (Republican Party)
G18USSLWAT - Matt Waters (Libertarian Party)
G18USSOWRI - Write-in Votes

*va_2018_ushouse file*
CON_DIST - U.S. House district number that the precinct/precinct part belongs to
G18HORDEM - Democratic Party candidate, U.S. House
G18HORREP - Republican Party candidate, U.S. House
G18HORLIB - Libertarian Party candidate, U.S. House
G18HORWRI - Write-in votes, U.S. House

*va_2018_statehouse_special file* - covering district 8, held on November 6th, and district 24, held on December 18th
HOD_DIST - House of Delegates district number that the precinct/precinct part belongs to
S18HODDEM - Democratic Party candidate, House of Delegates
S18HODREP - Republican Party candidate, House of Delegates
S18HODWRI - Write-in votes, House of Delegates
